1) How would you define Machine Learning?
Machine learning is an application of artificial intelligence (AI) that provides systems the ability to automatically learn and improve from experience without
being explicitly programmed.
Machine learning focuses on the development of computer programs that can access data and use it to learn for themselves.
The process of learning begins with observations or data, such as examples, direct experience, or instruction, in order to look for patterns in data and make better decisions 
in the future based on the examples that we provide. The primary aim is to allow the computers learn automatically without human intervention or assistance and adjust 
actions accordingly.

2) What are the differences between Supervised and Unsupervised Learning? Specify example 3 algorithms for each of these
In a supervised learning model, the algorithm learns on a labeled dataset, providing an answer key that the algorithm can use to evaluate its accuracy on training data.
An unsupervised model, in contrast, provides unlabeled data that the algorithm tries to make sense of by extracting features and patterns on its own.
Some popular examples of supervised machine learning algorithms are:

Linear regression for regression problems.
Random forest for classification and regression problems.
Support vector machines for classification problems.

Some popular examples of unsupervised learning algorithms are:

k-means for clustering problems.
Apriori algorithm for association rule learning problems.

3) What are the test and validation set, and why would you want to use them?
A validation dataset is a sample of data held back from training your model that is used to give an estimate of model skill while tuning model’s hyperparameters.
The validation dataset is different from the test dataset that is also held back from the training of the model, 
but is instead used to give an unbiased estimate of the skill of the final tuned model when comparing or selecting between final models

4) What are the main preprocessing steps? Explain them in detail. Why we need to prepare our data?
Gathering Data
Preparing the Data
Choosing Models
Training
Evaluation
Hyperparameter Tuning
Prediction
Model Selection

1) Gathering Data¶
After the problem definition, we need to obtain data which will be appropriate for our case. The quality and quantity of data that you gather will directly determine how
good our predictive model can be.

2) Preparing the Data
Data preparation, where we load our data into a suitable place and prepare it for use in our machine learning training. This is also a good time to do any pertinent 
visualizations of your data, 
to help you see if there are any relevant relationships between different variables you can take advantage of, as well as show you if there are any data imbalances.

Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA)
Exploratory Data Analysis refers to the critical process of performing initial investigations on data so as to discover patterns,to spot anomalies,to test hypothesis and 
to check assumptions with the help of summary statistics and graphical representations.

Pre-Processing
Duplicate Values
In most cases, the duplicates are removed so as to not give that particular data object an advantage or bias, when running machine learning algorithms.

Imbalanced Data
An Imbalanced dataset is one where the number of instances of a class(es) are significantly higher than another class(es), 
thus leading to an imbalance and creating rarer class(es).

5) How you can explore countionus and discrete variables?
What is a Discrete Variable?
Discrete variables are countable in a finite amount of time. For example, you can count the change in your pocket. You can count the money in your bank account.
You could also count the amount of money in everyone’s bank accounts.
It might take you a long time to count that last item, but the point is—it’s still countable.

What is a Continuous Variable?
Continuous Variables would (literally) take forever to count. In fact, you would get to “forever” and never finish counting them.
For example, take age. You can’t count “age”. Why not? Because it would literally take forever. For example, you could be:
25 years, 10 months, 2 days, 5 hours, 4 seconds, 4 milliseconds, 8 nanoseconds, 99 picosends…and so on.

6) Analyse the plot given below. (What is the plot and variable type, check the distribution and make comment about how you can preproccess it.)

Numercial continous variable scatter plot.Slightly right skewed.Normalization
